Document the new promotions UI (#18013)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts/account-maintenance/promotions-ui.mdx

freshnessValidatedDate: 2024-07-15 
---

import accountsPreviewsandTrials from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_previews-and-trials.webp'

import accountsPromotionsTable from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_promotions-table.webp'

import accountsManagePreview from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_manage-preview.webp'

import accountsPromoUpgradeButton from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_promo-upgrade-button.webp'

Promotions are special offers to try out New Relic product features. You can browse through our various promotions and manage your enrollment in the UI at **Previews & trials**. 

The type of promotion currently available is the product preview. This is the opportunity to try out a feature before it is released. Here's what what you get in the UI:

* One-stop shopping for previews: View all available product previews in one place.
* Enrollment flexibility: Easily sign-up or leave from product previews until they become generally available (GA).
* Upgrade options: Upgrade to access products once they're GA.

To help you get started, we've provided some tips about eligibility and enrollment.

## Eligibility [#eligibility]

> You can check the plan management page to see if your organization is eligible for a product promotion. If you don't see the promotions UI, your organization isn't eligible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the plan management page to see if your organization is eligible for a product promotion. If you don't see the Previews & trials UI, your organization isn't eligible.
```

Author: @ally-sassman I a subsequent commit, I added the path in the first sentence of the paragraph, and then in the second sentence, I switched it to "If you don't see this page, your organization isn't eligible."

* Have contractual restrictions
* Use the original, product-based pricing model

## Manage your enrollment [#access-ui]

The **Previews & trials** page lists available product promotions in a single, consolidated table view. Each row in the table contains essential information such as the product name, a brief description, status (**Available**, **Opted In**, **Opted Out**), and the anticipated end date of the preview. 

<Callout variant="important">
  Some promotions don't have a defined end date, so you may see the end date as **Ongoing**. We try to provide a best estimate of the length of the preview, but it is provided for informational purposes only. The end date should not be construed as an offer, commitment, promise or obligation on behalf of New Relic to deliver any product, material, code, functionality, or other feature.
</Callout>

To sign up for a promotion or to leave one you're currently enrolled in: 

1. Log into New Relic.
2. From the [user menu](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/general-account-settings/intro-account-settings), go to **Administration > Usage Summary**.
3. Click **Previews & trials** (If you can't see this menu, you're not eligible):
    <img

>         title="Screenshot showing the promotions UI"
>         alt="Screenshot showing the promotions UI"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        title="Screenshot showing the Previews & trials UI"
        alt="Screenshot showing the Previews & trials UI"
```

---
title: Product promotions 
tags:
  - Accounts
  - Accounts and billing
  - General account settings
metaDescription: 'How to sign up for product promotions'
freshnessValidatedDate: 2024-07-15 
---

import accountsPreviewsandTrials from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_previews-and-trials.webp'

import accountsPromotionsTable from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_promotions-table.webp'

import accountsManagePreview from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_manage-preview.webp'

import accountsPromoUpgradeButton from 'images/accounts_screenshot-crop_promo-upgrade-button.webp'

> Promotions are special offers to try out product features at New Relic. You can browse through our various promotions and enroll through our promotions management UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promotions are special offers to try out New Relic product features. You can browse through our various promotions and enroll through our promotions management UI. 
```

> The type of promotion currently available is the product preview. This is the opportunity to try out a feature before it is released (pre-GA). The promotions management UI gives you:

Reviewer: This sentence is a essentially saying the same thing as the first sentence. Consider consolidating.

Author: @ally-sassman I'm looking to the future when we'll offer both previews (pre-GA features) and trials (GA features). So, this is what I'm trying to communicate:

Line 22: This defines a promotion as a way to try out a feature (keeping this larger category of promotions that will eventually include trials, which are somewhat different.

Line 24: This explains that we are currently only offering one type of promotion (without a reference to trials). Then, we clarify that a preview is a chance to try out a feature before it is GA.

These may be somewhat similar, but once we start offering trials, it will become easier to differentiate the two.

> * One-stop shopping for previews : View all available product previews in one place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* One-stop shopping for previews: View all available product previews in one place.
```

> * Enrollment flexibility: Easily sign-up or leave from product previews until they become generally available (GA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enrollment flexibility: Easily sign-up or leave from product previews until they become generally available (GA).
```

> * Upgrade options: Upgrade to access products once they are generally available 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrade options: Upgrade to access products once they're GA.
```

Reviewer: Use just GA after the first page mention

> To help you get started, we've provided some tips about eligibility and enrollment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you get started, see the sections below to see if you're eligible. 
```

Reviewer: This is a phrasing suggestion but not a hard requirement

## Eligibility [#eligibility]

> You can check the plan management page to see if your organization is eligible for a product promotion. If you don't see the promotions UI, your organization isn't eligible.

Reviewer: I would put info (or a link to the section below) here on how to see the promotions UI

All promotions apply to the entire organization, including all users and all accounts that belong to your organization.

### Users [#users]

Any user in an organization can sign up for a product promotion. However, only users who have the **Billing** administrative setting in their group can do the following: 

* Leave a promotion 
* Re-enroll after leaving a promotion

### Organizations [#org-rules]

Organizations can be enrolled in more than one preview at a time. Also, most organizations are eligible for promotions, with some exceptions. Ineligible organizations are ones that: 

* Have HIPAA-enabled accounts
* Use FedRAMP-compliant endpoints
* Don't allow for click-through agreement (for example, key accounts) 
* Have contractual restrictions

> * Use the original product-based pricing model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the original, product-based pricing model
```

How can they know/check if they have the produce-based model? Maybe add some info or a doc link here

Author: @ally-sassman I'll add a link to the original pricing model.

## Browse available previews [#access-ui]

> The promotions management UI lists available product promotions in a single, consolidated table view. Each row in the table contains essential information such as the product name, a brief description, preview status (**Available**, **Opted In**, **Opted Out**), and the anticipated end date of the preview. 

Reviewer: Add instructions or a UI link here for directly accessing the promotions management UI, and then I'd recommend moving this up higher on the doc

Author: @ally-sassman I have explicit instructions in the next section about how to do this. I could link to that section, or I could combine the two sections.

Author: @ally-sassman I combined these sections, so there's just one section called "Manage your enrollment."

    <img
        title="Screenshot showing the promotions table"
        alt="Screenshot showing the promotions table"
        src={accountsPromotionsTable}
    />

Some promotions don't have a defined end date, so you may see the end date as **Ongoing**. We try to provide a best estimate of the length of the preview, but it is provided for informational purposes only.

<Callout variant="important">
  The end date should not be construed as an offer, commitment, promise or obligation on behalf of New Relic to deliver any product, material, code, functionality, or other feature.
</Callout>

## Sign up for a product promotion [#sign-up-or-leave]

> To sign up for a promotion or to leave one you're currently enrolled in: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sign up for a promotion: 
```

Since the title (and page) is about enrolling in product promotions, I don't think it's necessary to mention unenrolling from a product promotion. But if you still want this in, consider making it a new section, or renaming the title something like "Opt in/out of a product promotion"

1. Log into New Relic.
2. From the [user menu](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/general-account-settings/intro-account-settings), go to **Administration > Usage Summary**.
3. Click **Previews & trials** (If you can't see this menu, you're not eligible):
    <img
        title="Screenshot showing the promotions UI"
        alt="Screenshot showing the promotions UI"
        src={accountsPreviewsandTrials}
    />

> 4. Open the ellipsis menu (**...**) for the promotion you're interested in, and then select one of the following:
>     * **Enroll**
>     * **Leave Preview**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the ellipsis menu (**...**) for the promotion you're interested in, and then click **Enroll**.
```

Author: @ally-sassman I was trying to clarify that there are two options. Are you saying I should just focus on enrollment?

When you're finished, a confirmation message will appear. 

## Upgrade after preview feature is released [#upgrade-at-ga]

> Within a few days of a product preview becoming generally available (GA), you'll receive an in-product notification. You'll need to decide whether you would like to have access to the feature after it is generally available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a few days of a product preview becoming GA, you'll receive an in-product notification. You'll need to decide whether you would like to have access to the feature after it's GA.
```
Use just GA after the first page mention
